Update ImageSpec documentation (#5748)
flyteorg/flyte: docs/user_guide/customizing_dependencies/imagespec.md

.. tags:: Containerization, Intermediate
```

> This guide demonstrates how to use the `ImageSpec` to customize the container image for your Flyte tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `ImageSpec` is a mechanism that allows you to specify how to build a container image without requiring a Dockerfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ImageSpec` allows you to customize the container image for your Flyte tasks without a Dockerfile.
```

> This feature provides a flexible and user-friendly way to define the containerization process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> One of the significant advantages of using ImageSpec is its ability to optimize the image-building process by reusing previously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> downloaded packages from the PyPI and APT caches, thereby speeding up the entire build process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ImageSpec` speeds up the build process by allowing you to reuse previously downloaded packages from the PyPI and APT caches.
```

> This efficient caching mechanism minimizes redundant downloads, reducing both the time and resources required to construct the container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> By default, the `ImageSpec` will be built using the `default` builder associated with Flytekit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `ImageSpec` will be built using the `default` builder associated with Flytekit, but you can register your own builder.
```

> However, you have the option to register your own builder, enabling you to build the image using alternative tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

For example, [flytekitplugins-envd](https://github.com/flyteorg/flytekit/blob/c06ef30518dec2057e554fbed375dfa43b985c60/plugins/flytekit-envd/flytekitplugins/envd/image_builder.py#L25) is another image builder that uses envd to build the ImageSpec.

> This flexibility allows you to tailor the image-building process according to your specific needs and tool preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

For every {py:class}`flytekit.PythonFunctionTask` task or a task decorated with the `@task` decorator,
you can specify rules for binding container images. By default, flytekit binds a single container image, i.e.,
the [default Docker image](https://ghcr.io/flyteorg/flytekit), to all tasks. To modify this behavior,
use the `container_image` parameter available in the {py:func}`flytekit.task` decorator, and pass an
`ImageSpec`.

> Before building the image, Flytekit checks the container registry first to see if the image already exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before building the image, Flytekit checks the container registry to see if the image already exists.
```

> By doing so, it avoids having to rebuild the image over and over again. If the image does not exist,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the image does not exist,
```

> flytekit will build the image before registering the workflow, and replace the image name in the task template with the newly built image name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flytekit will build the image before registering the workflow and replace the image name in the task template with the newly built image name.
```

:::{admonition} Prerequisites
:class: important

- Make sure `docker` is running on your local machine.
- When using a registry in ImageSpec, `docker login` is required to push the image
:::

## Install Python or APT packages

> You can specify python packages and apt packages in the `ImageSpec`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify Python packages and APT packages in the `ImageSpec`.
```

These specified packages will be added on top of the [default image](https://github.com/flyteorg/flytekit/blob/master/Dockerfile), which can be found in the Flytekit Dockerfile.
More specifically, flytekit invokes [DefaultImages.default_image()](https://github.com/flyteorg/flytekit/blob/f2cfef0ec098d4ae8f042ab915b0b30d524092c6/flytekit/configuration/default_images.py#L26-L27) function.
This function determines and returns the default image based on the Python version and flytekit version.

> For example, if you are using python 3.8 and flytekit 1.6.0, the default image assigned will be `ghcr.io/flyteorg/flytekit:py3.8-1.6.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you are using Python 3.8 and flytekit 1.6.0, the default image assigned will be `ghcr.io/flyteorg/flytekit:py3.8-1.6.0`.
```

```python
image_spec = ImageSpec(
  packages=["pandas"],
  platform="linux/arm64",
  registry="ghcr.io/flyteorg",
)
```

## Install flytekit from GitHub
When you update the flytekit, you may want to test the changes with your tasks.
You can install the flytekit from a specific commit hash in the `ImageSpec`.

```python
new_flytekit = "git+https://github.com/flyteorg/flytekit@90a4455c2cc2b3e171dfff69f605f47d48ea1ff1"
new_spark_plugins = f"git+https://github.com/flyteorg/flytekit.git@90a4455c2cc2b3e171dfff69f605f47d48ea1ff1#subdirectory=plugins/flytekit-spark"

image_spec = ImageSpec(
  apt_packages=["git"],
  packages=[new_flytekit, new_spark_plugins],
  registry="ghcr.io/flyteorg",
)
```

## Customize the tag of the image
You can customize the tag of the image by specifying the `tag_format` in the `ImageSpec`.
In the following example, the full qualified image name will be `ghcr.io/flyteorg/my-image:<spec_hash>-dev`.

```python
image_spec = ImageSpec(
  name="my-image",
  packages=["pandas"],
  tag_format="{spec_hash}-dev",
  registry="ghcr.io/flyteorg",
)
```

## Define ImageSpec in a YAML File

> There is an option to override the container image by providing an ImageSpec YAML file to the  `pyflyte run` or `pyflyte register` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can override the container image by providing an ImageSpec YAML file to the  `pyflyte run` or `pyflyte register` command.
```

pyflyte run --remote --image image.yaml image_spec.py wf
```

> ## Build the image without registering the workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build the image without registering the workflow

```

If you only want to build the image without registering the workflow, you can use the `pyflyte build` command.

```
pyflyte build --remote image_spec.py wf
```

> ## Force Push an Image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Force push an image

```

> In some cases, you may want to force an image to rebuild, even if the image spec hasn’t changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, you may want to force an image to rebuild, even if the ImageSpec hasn’t changed.
```

> If you want to overwrite an existing image, you can pass the `FLYTE_FORCE_PUSH_IMAGE_SPEC=True` to `pyflyte` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To overwrite an existing image, pass the `FLYTE_FORCE_PUSH_IMAGE_SPEC=True` to the `pyflyte` command.
```
